Update README (#153)
segmentio/action-destinations: README.md

After running the `serve` command, select the destination you want to test locally. Once a destination is selected, the server should start up.

To test a specific destination action, you can send a Postman or cURL request with the following URL format: `https://localhost:<PORT>/<ACTION>`. A list of eligible URLs will also be provided by the CLI command when the server is spun up.

### Example

The following is an example of a cURL command for `google-analytics-4`'s `search` action. Note that `payload`, `settings`, and `auth` values are all optional in the request body. However, you must still pass in all required fields for the specific destination action under `payload`.

```sh
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/search' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "payload": {
        "client_id": "<CLIENT_ID>",
        "search_term": "<SEARCH_TERM>"
    },
    "settings": {
        "measurementId": "<MEASUREMENT_ID>",
        "apiSecret": "<API_SECRET>"
    },
    "auth": {
        "accessToken": "<ACCESS_TOKEN>",
        "refreshToken": "<REFRESH_TOKEN>"
    }
}'
```

> ## Writing Tests

Reviewer: It may be worth introducing a `docs` directory to hold more targeted documents, such as writing good tests. We can then keep the README.md short, and link out to relevant docs. What do you think?

We can also start moving over some of the interface docs closer to the code :)

Author: Do you think we should move other parts of this README (like the 'testing locally' section) to targeted docs as well and just link to them?

Reviewer: Yeah, that makes sense to me. Maybe a `Build & Testing` document that covers local server, unit tests, etc.

> When building a destination action, you can write unit and end-to-end tests to ensure your action is working as intended. Tests are automatically run in Buildkite CI on every pull request commit.

Reviewer 2: I would maybe make this language a little stronger than 'can'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building a destination action, you should write unit and end-to-end tests to ensure your action is working as intended. Tests are automatically run on every commit in Github Actions. Pull requests that do not include relevant tests will not be approved.
```

Today, our unit tests behave more like <i>integration tests</i> in that you are not only testing the `perform` operation/unit, but also how events + mappings get transformed and validated.

> <i> Note: We are planning on providing testing primitives to test individual actions without the needing to understand mappings. This will be more straightforward for devs building actions. </i>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<i> Note: We are planning on providing testing primitives to test individual actions without the needing to understand mappings. This will be more straightforward for devs building actions. </i>
```

This may not ring true anymore?

Author: Removed
